you might have heard some things about a
Dyson Sphere lately what's up with that
there's a new study that may suggest we
are not alone a group of researchers say
they've identified at least seven stars
that might be surrounded by super
Advanced alien mega structures known as
Dyson spheres what if someday we could
build a super structure so big we could
basically surround our sun and capture
its energy directly
[Music]
there's something called a
kardashev civilization named for nickoli
kardashev was a astrophysicist you look
at the history of what we call Great
civilizations one of the things that
distinguishes them is their capacity to
generate and consume energy and so if
that's the case you can think of levels
of civilization based on how much energy
they consume and thus was born the
kardashev scale a civilization that's
level one on this kardashi scale has the
power to harness the energy of its home
planet and that's extraordinary when you
think about what that involves uh on our
home planet there's the energy of
volcanoes of tornadoes of hurricanes
and of
earthquakes this is
Earth exhibiting a display of energy
that typically we run from or die from
if we could control all of that that
would be an
extraordinary state of our civilization
tapping a volcano of its
energy so that you now can use that
energy to run the city that the
exploding a volcano would have otherwise
leveled so we're not there yet but that
would be a civilization type
one civilization type two on a kardashia
scale is well what else is generating
energy out there well our host star the
Sun so imagine we had total control over
the sun's
energy right now we just set up a few
solar panels here and there and it's you
know we're you know whatever energy
happens to get there on a clear day and
not at night that we're tapping some of
the energy of the Sun but the sun is
emitting energy in every single
Direction in
space so imagine you could harness all
of that energy that's vastly more energy
than is contained in the earth that
would be a civilization of extraordinary
power would they have warp drives
wormholes who knows they'd be traveling
across the Galaxy between galaxies
because the energy is so plentiful and
they have access to it and especially
can control it it's a big factor when
you have access to awesome supplies of
energy that would be scale two three on
the kardashi scale would be you can
control all the energy of all the stars
in your
Galaxy so our galaxy The Milky Way has
several 100 billion
stars so if you found some way to
harness all of that oh my gosh this is I
mean I can't who can imagine what that
is can you create universes can you I
mean who knows I don't know I can't
think that far ahead what I do know is
that it would be awesomely
dangerous as any new access to energy
has always become when in the hands of
Bad actors on the geopolitical stage so
what this has done is enabled some
people some colleagues of mine to say if
there's a civilization type
two controlling all the energy of its
host star would we be able to see that
in our data there's so much data now
available with many telescopes that are
that has that has observational and
spectroscopic data of billions of stars
billions we have observational data on
on billions of stars in the universe not
only in our galaxy but other galaxies
and so if there was a type 2
civilization could you detect it what
would it look like well a couple of
things if you're looking at invisible
light the kind of light that the sun
primarily gives off they would be
blocking that light to absorb that
energy for their needs
so you would see an ordinary
star just begin to disappear as they
built structures around it to absorb
that energy there's an interesting fact
here well there's no such thing as a
free lunch in the universe you can't
just take the sun's energy and then have
the energy disappear it manifests in
other ways you know it manifests as heat
heat you know this intuitively even if
you've never thought about it if you
have an internal combustion engine car
the kind with pistons all right you put
in gasoline that gasoline Burns via
pistons and spark plugs and all right to
move the car
forward and the engine gets hot your use
of that
energy not only propels your car forward
but also turns into heat if there's a
civilization that managed to completely
inclose its host star it would get rid
of all the visible light cuz that's high
quality energy that it's using it takes
that light through the solar panels the
star would slowly disappear from a quote
a regular looking star and would
ultimately appear as a red glow in your
infrared
telescopes so there's a recent study in
a peer-review journal the monthly
notices of the Royal Astronomical
Society one of the more respected
journals in the world of a study that
just simply looking for these
red these red glowing
blobs in the galaxy in the pre-existing
data that's already out there didn't
even have to design a telescope for this
the telescopes are already bringing in
the data they're just asking a different
question on those images so out of a
sample of millions of stars they found
seven candidates that might be one of
these type two civilizations or it could
be some gas cloud that was warmed up in
his radiating infrared
so uh of course the Press loves aliens
if your first guess is there's an alien
civilization that's making this infrared
the Press will talk about the work if
it's well it could
be gas clouds that have been warmed with
dust in them that have been warmed by
this energy that's been radiated and we
and it's masquerading as what could be a
type 2
civilization you can't rule that out
either as a scientist just because you
don't fully understand what you observed
it doesn't mean aliens did it that
shouldn't be anyone's first guess the
universe brims with Mysteries and
physical phenomenon we're still
discovering and so yeah just I tend to
be a little more conservative about that
a friend of mine died a few years ago
Freeman
Dyson uh brilliant physicist uh he came
up with the idea of an entire sphere so
Kardashian civilization type 2 they just
simply have control
over all of the energy of their host
star one way to do that is to build a
sphere around it that completely
encloses that star so no energy
escapes your detectors your panels it
just needs to have the power to tap that
energy for whenever it needed it for
whatever purpose and you can imagine so
strips of of panels it wouldn't have to
be the entire let some energy get out if
you needed it maybe those panels can can
close up and open again like those
stadiums that open and close in in the
rain or in the hot sun and there's no
telling what inventions what discoveries
what new understandings of the universe
would unfold in those civilizations
versus ours A type zero
civilization so that's what's up case
you were wondering
the long and short of what it is to
harness energy that's all around us till
next time keep looking up
[Music]
